- Previously. on Doc.
- He's back!
I made mistakes.
Actually. you leveraged
an incredibly painful situation
to your advantage.
And how are things
with Nora now?
- Over.
- I found a lump.
Please don't tell
anyone about this.
Do you have a minute?
I'm in radiology
right now with a patient.
What if she's sick
and she's trying to hide it?
It's progressing quickly.
I suggest you
reach out to Ethan.
Get a support system in place.
You went into her desk?
We had no other choice.
I'm afraid that
you might be sick.
We have to talk about Joan.
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org
Dr. Ridley?
- Oh. they're here?
- Heading up now.
OR 3 is clear
and the blood bank's on standby.
Good. Then we are ready.
Bay 4. Read me in.
- Penetrating abdominal wound.
Initial stabilizing
surgery on site.
but multiple retained foreign
bodies could not be removed.
Open wound packed for transport.
- How'd he do on the flight?
- Hypotensive and tachy.
Started nor-epi
and fluid resus en route.
- Conscious?
- In and out.
And asking for you.
- On my count.
Three. two. one.
Hang TXA. Two of O-neg.
I want him on the table
in half an hour.
Ridley?
Is that you?
If you missed me this much.
you could've just called.
You know I love
to make an entrance.
Well. you are here now. Javi.
and I am gonna take care of you.
I thought you were
coming in later.
So did I. but I've gotta review
all of Amy's cases
by end of day.
- She doing the same for yours?
- She handed hers in already.
Not that it matters anymore.
- Okay. why do you say that?
Don't you think Joan's gonna
figure out we were the ones
who told Jake about her?
She was hazing me yesterday
as if she already knew.
I'm pretty sure Jake passed
that baton to Amy today.
so I'm sure you're on
equal footing now.
I heard she's prepping
another surgery.
And clearly she hasn't
invited you to audit.
We did the right thing.
Can't overthink
the consequences.
This should hold him for now.
but prep the team for
massive transfusion protocol.
Damn generator exploded.
We worked medical
missions together for 22 years.
but why don't you go ahead
and say what you need to say?
Uh. I thought maybe
we could step away.
Is your boyfriend hiding
out there somewhere
to double team me?
Joan.
It's MDS.
- Oh. God.
- Please. Don't.
I was diagnosed a few weeks ago.
it's mostly indolent.
Haven't had a chance
to tell Michael yet.
so I'd appreciate
if you let me do that.
Yeah. of course.
And. before you ask. Javi knows.
He came here anyway.
He has Addison's.
He needed a surgeon
he could trust.
Does he know that
your hand's been shaking?
That happened once. Amy.
after a very difficult surgery.
Which this will be.
I'm medicated and I'm fine.
You could use an extra set
of hands to manage his cortisol
and electrolyte levels.
Is that you offering?
I'll get him started on a TTE.
- Thank you. Wright.
Mr. Voit.
Who are you? I'm supposed
to be seeing Dr. Ridley.
Dr. Ridley had an emergency.
but I can assure you...
And Dr. Hamda was supposed
to be joining us as well.
His whereabouts I can't speak
to. but I'm Dr. Miller...
- First name?
- Uh. Richard.
And you are?
- Fiona. Xander's COO.
- And my wife.
You're an internist?
Board-certified
in oncology as well.
Pulmonary subspecialty.
- Where?
- St. Agericus.
And he used to be Chief
of Internal Medicine here.
For just two months?
I didn't love the admin.
So. I took a little hiatus and I
came back to work with patients.
which is what I do love.
Okay. Continue.
I understand you have
a suspicious mass
in your right lung.
I get regular full-body
scans in Palo Alto.
But I was here at a conference
when the PolaDx flagged it.
It's an AI diagnostic program.
17 percent better than humans
at early cancer detection.
It's also far more likely
to give you a false positive.
Well. that's the hope.
But I won't wait to
get home to find out.
- Hi. I'm Dr. Coleman.
I'll be assisting Dr. Miller.
- Uh. yeah.
That's Theodore Coleman.
He's an intern.
Columbia Med School.
Army ranger medic.
He is highly skilled.
very ambitious.
and an extremely hard worker.
- Are we being interviewed?
- Vetted.
- It's gonna be on him anyway.
Steiner vouches.
- Oh. I'm flattered.
- Great.
I want the tissue
removed and studied.
So. how would you do
that. Dr. Coleman?
A bronchoscopic biopsy
and a PET scan.
- Is that correct?
- It is.
Then let's do that. huh? Stat.
I want to thank you both
for being here today.
My role is not to judge
or to take sides
but to facilitate a productive.
respectful conversation.
- I'm so sorry. It's Max.
- It's fine. Michael.
I told you I had a personal
matter to attend to today.
You also told me Joan would
be taking care of Xander Voit.
Well. she has a patient who
is a higher priority.
Than a tech tycoon who can
fund our entire capital campaign
with what he makes
while brushing his teeth?
Well. Dr. Miller's
on the case.
I hear he's excellent.
Why else would you
have hired him back?
- Not funny. Michael.
- No. it's not.
I'll deal with this
in a few hours
when I get back to the hospital.
Goodbye. Max.
So she took this job
and she didn't tell Michael?
No. She was diagnosed after
she was offered the job.
And she still hasn't told him.
She's getting her
head around it.
And in the meantime. what?
You're aiding and abetting?
Risking a patient?
The patient knows
and he chose her anyway.
Besides. there's no
time to move him.
- I don't know.
Something doesn't feel right.
She's working you.
- No. she isn't.
You... you just don't
know her the way I do.
- You don't know her either.
Not in the last eight years.
I'm sorry. But that's the truth.
And you know you can't
justify any of this.
How long has it been like this?
Mom says a week. They thought
it would heal on its own but...
No. She's too malnourished.
Fighting in Goma
cut off the food supply.
So I got saline.
debridement kit. mupirocin.
Please trade with me.
What's wrong with your case?
Oh. Marcus keeps sending me
lumps. bumps and dumps.
That's what you get
for sleeping with him
and not calling him back.
- Dr. Ridley?
- Mm-hmm?
- It's your son.
- What?
It's... it's 2 AM
in Minneapolis.
Ethan?
Hey. what's wrong?
No. no. no. Uh...
Forget the pediatrician.
Get to Westside. ask for Amy.
I'll make sure
she's waiting for you.
Thank you for doing this.
- I'm here for you.
But keeping this a secret
won't do you. or our patients.
any favors.
You're giving me an ultimatum?
I'm asking you
to tell Michael today.
We both know that this disease
will take things from you.
Your legacy
shouldn't be one of them.
I'll see you in there.
- I can't do dinner.
I'm too tired.
But we are
still facing resistance
from regulators
on the new build.
So find a new country
or grease the wheels.
I don't care which.
Look. I gotta go.
But one way or another.
I want movement by next week.
Hi. Mr. Voit. Max Garner.
CEO of the hospital.
Just wanted to say that we
will do everything in our power
to give you what you need today.
My test results would be nice.
Unfortunately. I'm going
to have to eat my words.
The biopsy confirms
you have small cell lung cancer.
- Lung cancer?
- Yes.
But he hasn't smoked
a day in his life.
And he's meticulous
about his health.
Fiona. we are not
gonna argue this away.
but I'm sure if you
couldn't see the mass.
we caught it early. right?
Yes. but genetic sequencing
indicates it's an
aggressive variant.
And the PET scan shows
micro-metastases in your brain.
abdomen and bones.
So it's already spread?
So what now?
Well. we can try chemo
and molecular therapy.
but those treatments
are very painful.
And even then...
- So. how long do I have?
Best guess.
we can get you
four to six months.
Personally. I'd consider
palliative care.
I'm getting Dr. Steiner.
We'd be happy to interface
with any of your
own specialists.
Well. we've already conferred
with our Chief of Oncology.
and he agrees
with our assessment.
Well. of course he does.
He works in a bureaucracy
and can't think out of the box.
- I wish we could do more.
- We could try CAR-T.
- No. we cannot.
- What is CAR-T?
Chimeric Antigen
Receptor T-cell therapy.
It reprograms your
white cells...
And has absolutely no efficacy
on this type of cancer.
I don't think anyone
knows that for sure.
There's not enough data.
Steiner is fielding
second opinions
and wants to
teleconference in an hour.
The plane will be ready to
take you to Sloan or Hutch
or Oxford if we have to.
Wait a minute.
Anything any of those
places can do. we can do.
And we'll be completely
transparent with your team.
Your team is not even
on the same page.
- We will get there.
I assure you.
Then come back
to me with a plan.
If I'm still here. I'm all ears.
One centimetre
fragment in segment six.
Two-suture repair.
Hey. any news?
No. I'm freaking out.
Listen. I told you.
Just because you're taking
longer to get the results.
that doesn't mean anything.
I know. I know.
And I thought I'd be okay at
this. but I am really not.
Maybe stay away from work today.
Just try and distract yourself.
Funny you should say that.
'Cause I'm kind of at the cafe
around the corner.
- Uh. from the hospital?
Right now?
Look. is there any way
you can come for a minute?
I'm really not
handling this well.
- Yeah. yeah.
I'll be right there.
BP's dropping.
91 over 59.
- Amy?
- Pushing 100 hydrocortisone.
Normal saline wide open.
What's his sodium?
It's fine. 134.
- It's not me.
You have a bleeder.
- My field is clear.
Unless...
Damn it! Suction!
200 CCs lost already.
You're counting?
I can't clear
the field fast enough.
Want another clamp
for a Pringle maneuver?
No time.
I'll do it blind.
Vicryl suture
on a needle driver.
BP's rising.
That was amazing.
Piece of cake.
Yeah. we're here with Amy now.
She's checking his lungs.
Stop. stop. I can't hear
anything you're saying.
You have to find somewhere
with a better signal.
Mom? Mom?
So. the albuterol is working.
but his oxygen is still low.
If it drops any more...
Don't tell me you
have to intubate.
- Oh my God!
- No. we're not there yet.
Let's... let's just
try to stay calm.
I never thought I'd say this.
but I wish my mother were here.
There's nothing she would do
that I'm not already doing.
You think I want her here
for medical expertise?
Oh.
You know. when I had
meningitis in college.
she at least
offered to fly home.
Ethan. she's doing the best...
- Don't defend her. Amy.
All right? Please.
Joan?
- Yep.
- You okay?
I'm fine.
I just had to splash
a little water on my face.
I'll be right out.
Okay. let's bump
his methimazole up to 20
and then recheck his TSH.
And can you have
Dr. Park give me a call
when labs come back on 612?
Okay. thanks.
- All handled?
- Yeah.
I think they can
survive without me.
Apparently. I can't.
Hey. it's fine. Okay?
I'm not going anywhere until
the labs come back. Thank you.
- What is this?
- This is the Mia treatment.
And you thought
this would distract me
from my impending doom?
I've seen you around a sundae.
I want primary custody for
as long as I'm breastfeeding.
Absolutely.
I'll take regular visitation
rights for the first year.
And after this first period.
we'll transition
to the 50-50 custody?
- Yes.
- Agreed.
Now on to assets.
First. the family home.
it's in Michael's name.
I'm prepared to sell it
and give Nora half the proceeds.
I can't let you
do that. Michael.
Why not?
- I know what it means to you.
And what about Katie?
She's fine with it.
She's off to college soon.
and I think it's
the least I can do.
Oh God. Don't you dare
be kind to me right now.
What else would I...
- I need to hate you. Michael.
And you need to let me.
- Hey.
- Hey!
How's our patient?
Well. strong vitals.
no sign of infection.
Emptied his drains.
hung post-op antibiotics...
Wow. you're gonna put
our nurses out of business.
I can handle post-op if you
just wanna sit with him.
That's a hell of a bedside
manner you got there.
You all right? Amy?
Hey.
I'm good. Uh...
I...
I have another patient
I should check on.
But Javi needs post-op
lytes and hourly labs.
I'll take care of it.
We talked about this.
I don't want you back
in that chair until we have...
I know. until I've had
two months of normal EEGs.
I know. but I've had
four clean studies.
and I need this memory now.
Look. I know you're
going for Chief Resident.
and recovering your medical
knowledge is important. but...
No. it's not that.
When my brain does this.
it's because...
it's trying to
tell me something.
My friend needs help
and this memory
may be the only way
that I can help her.
Any headaches or nosebleeds
and I'm pulling the plug.
Of course.
I want to be clear that
the treatment protocol
that I'm proposing will
be risky and painful.
- Pain is irrelevant.
Will it work?
I found one successful case.
But as your team will tell you.
cancer involves many mutations.
The treatment has to be
as unique as the disease.
That is where CAR-T comes in.
We take your own T-cells
and re-engineer them
to target the specific
markers of your illness.
Which antigen will you use?
His cancer cells exhibit
a large number of DLL3
surface proteins.
And which viral
vector for delivery?
The case I'm referencing
used a lentivirus model.
The case he's referencing
was so much less aggressive.
it shouldn't even
be considered a comp.
Mr. Voit's immuno-response
will almost certainly
be catastrophic.
There's a very good chance
this treatment will kill you.
By tomorrow.
Or it could add years
to his life.
- Team?
Some feedback would be nice.
Give us a moment please.
I thought you were getting
on the same page?
So did I.
Okay.
The only other option we can se
here is Ludo's team in Zurich.
They have a vaccine model
that's had some limited
success in mice.
- Limited? And only with mice?
No. That's out. What else?
I'm sorry. but there's nothig
we can stand behind.
So Dr. Coleman's idea
is the best option?
It would be. yes.
Elise?
With more time
we could dig deeper.
but big things don't happen
overnight in the cancer game.
Okay. so... we have no choice.
Okay then.
let's get the ball rolling
with whatever we need
to do next.
I'm sorry. but clearly
these people on your payroll
don't know how to say
"no" to you.
- Dr. Miller.
- And I gotta say...
if you were anyone else.
this hospital wouldn't even be
considering this
course of treatment.
Mr. Voit has an
appetite for risk...
An appetite for risk
is one thing.
This is trying to kill
a lion with a toothpick.
Look. sometimes we fly
too close to the sun.
but we get nowhere
if we don't try to fly.
Right. Dr. Coleman?
Well. I sincerely
hope this works.
But. respectfully.
I won't be a part of it.
I. uh...
I didn't mean
what I said before.
I mean...
I don't want to hate you.
I wouldn't blame you if you did.
I hope that selling the house
will be a fresh start for you.
I think you really need that.
Okay. I've drafted an agreement.
Why don't we give it
a once-over?
And focus.
Ground yourself in the memory.
What can you smell. hear. see?
Okay. let it rip.
So just stay out of it!
What are you not telling me?
It's... it's MDS.
So there's a good chance
it'll turn into leukemia.
- What is it. Amy?
- I have to go.
You can't perform
surgery anymore.
Place a vascath.
Prep him for temporary
hemodialysis.
- What happened?
- BP spike.
Acute renal failure.
But that makes no sense.
Addison's should
prevent BP spikes.
and his renal function
was normal pre-op.
Well. clearly.
we're missing something.
Blood cultures. autoantibodies
and a Pan CT scan.
That's a good idea.
It was even better when
Dr. Maitra had it
five minutes ago.
Where were you?
I was in TMS.
I love your sense of timing.
I remembered.
You were diagnosed months ago
and the disease certainly
wasn't indolent.
So. you're off chasing
unreliable memories
while our patient's life
hangs in the balance?
You're gonna look me
in the eye and tell me
that was a false memory?
It was a bad day.
I was emotional.
and I'm fine now.
You took this job
knowing you couldn't handle it!
- I am handling it.
- Really?
Where did you get this bruise?
And what about the edema
in your wrist?
How much prednisone does it
take to get you through a shift?
You know what? Dr. Maitra
and I will take it from here.
I would never do anything
to jeopardize a patient.
and I don't need you
to tell me that!
Let me ask you something.
When you went up
against Dr. Miller.
was that for my sake. or were
you just pandering to your CEO?
Oh. c'mon.
Don't pretend you don't have
a lot riding on this. too.
I don't do anything
I don't believe in.
- A man of conviction.
Guess I'm not surprised. huh?
Four years in Afghanistan.
Took a bullet during
that hostage crisis...
Okay. you guys gotta ease up
on the background checks.
It's getting weird.
Honest too. huh?
Look. this idea
is out of the box.
But you push boundaries
for a living.
Controversial but
necessary to a society.
I've just...
I've never been
the lab rat before.
Dr. Ridley.
he has tuberculosis.
I saw some nonspecific
areas lighting up on CT.
figured they were artifact.
but his sed rate was up
so I ordered an ultrasound
with Doppler.
And found a cavitous lesion
in his hepatic artery.
Add that to his chronic
inflammation. milky drain fluid.
travel exposure...
extra-pulmonary TB
explains it all.
Even the Addison's.
He must have a lesion
on his adrenal gland.
And who knows where else.
We need a full-body MRI
with contrast and surgery
to remove infection.
- Good.
I'll take him to radiology.
You can grab a few protein bars.
Dr. Maitra. We're going back in.
You feeling okay?
I feel like crap.
Guess that's what we want.
though. right?
Means it's working.
Yeah. well. your BP's
a little low.
I'm gonna start you on pressors.
Mr. Voit? Mr. Voit!
- Two milligrams IV lorazapam.
Stat!
When did you inject
the CAR-T cells?
- An hour ago.
- It's a cytokine storm.
But I pre-medicated with
Benadryl and methylprednisolone.
Well. it wasn't enough!
What else we got?
- Dinner.
Oh. no. I'm gonna eat later.
You can't help them
if you can't stand.
Ridley. eat.
Can we talk about the real
reason you won't slow down?
Have you had Terry's moambe?
Your grandson's gonna be fine.
From everything
you've said about Amy.
he's in the best possible hands.
Not mine. though.
You can't be everywhere.
When Harry and I
were first married.
I tried to stay put.
Be the doting wife and mother
and have a regular nine to five.
The truth is.
I just wasn't cut out for it.
Maybe you were right
to never settle down.
Or maybe I just
never found a man
who could put up with me.
Well. that makes two of us.
Hello?
It's me.
Albuteral and high flow oxygen
are keeping his numbers
in the 80s.
So no need to intubate?
No. he's stabilized.
But they've got an intense
recovery ahead of them.
If you could come home. I would.
I'm trying to do my job.
- At what cost?
Joan! 60 milligrams!
At that rate.
you will flame out in weeks!
That's my choice!
Does Javi know
what you're doing?
I'm not killing myself. Amy.
I am trying to make the most
of the time I have left.
And he would respect that.
Well. what does Ethan think?
I don't know.
He doesn't know?
He doesn't return my calls.
- What? Wait...
How long have things...
- You know what?
I think you've dredged up
enough bad memories for one day.
and if you'll excuse me.
I have a patient who needs me.
What do we got?
Uh. granulomas in the liver.
kidney. adrenals. bowel...
they're everywhere.
Tell the on-call surgeons
to drop what they're doing
and meet us in the OR.
we're gonna need all
the hands we can get.
I commend you. my dear brother.
to Almighty God
and entrust you to your Creator.
May you return to Him.
who made you from
the dust of the earth.
May Holy Mary. the angels
and all the saints
come to greet you..
I'm...
I'm so sorry. Mrs. Voit.
May Christ who
was crucified for you...
I never should have let
him go through with this.
Excuse me.
Care to explain how
this went so wrong?
We tried CAR-T...
No. I read the report.
I know what was attempted.
I'm wondering how that
was allowed to happen.
You'd have to ask
the CEO about that.
He was pushing
medical decisions?
We could've used you here.
So what are you proposing now?
I'm thinking IL-6 blockers.
The COVID treatment?
CAR-T triggers a similar
inflammatory cascade.
and I don't think that
the standard protocol
will get the inflammation
under control.
He's been right all along.
We should follow his lead.
Your patient. your call.
- Okay. okay. okay! The. the...
our Thailand trip!
You got booed off
the karaoke stage...
- Uh. Bohemian Rhapsody!
- Yes. yes!
And for the record.
it wasn't my performance
that people hated.
it was just that
that song is too long.
They in?
I can't look. you do it.
It's negative.
- I don't have cancer?
- You don't have cancer.
Saddle up. everyone.
For the next 11 hours.
we're doing an ex-vivo.
That's right.
The thing you learned
about in med school
but never thought
you'd actually do.
We're removing every damaged
organ. repairing it.
and then putting it back
where we found it.
We'll run two full operating
fields side-by-side.
My team will be the one
removing organs
and keeping Javi alive.
That means controlling bleeding.
managing perfusion.
oxygenating his heart and brain.
Team Two is on ex-vivo work.
When we pass off an organ.
you strip the granulomas
and adhesions.
repair what you can.
then it comes straight back
to us in working order.
Precision is everything.
We lose focus. we lose an organ.
We lose an organ.
we lose the man.
No mistakes.
Let's go.
God. I cannot
believe I'm seeing this.
All right.
I brought nourishments.
- Oh. great.
- There you are.
Did she just do
a rapid artery reconstruct
on the fly?
Yeah. it's unreal.
She's a friggin' rockstar.
She's something.
that's for sure.
You wonder why I didn't
want to tell you?
Look. but the way
she's managing everyone.
she's like a maestro.
Okay. so what exactly
is her endgame here?
She's just going to keep
operating until she drops?
I can't believe what
she's doing to herself.
I know that you don't
want to go behind her back.
but I don't think she's really
leaving us many options here.
Just give me a couple hours.
Till the end of the day.
Ethan. it's Amy.
Uh. gimme a call back
when you can. There's...
There's something going on
with your mom.
Okay. liver's coming out.
Subhepatic space is clear.
Put a retractor in there. Carol.
Sponge.
Okay.
That granuloma's wrapped
around the inferior vena cava.
We can clamp. take it out.
then reconstruct
with Dacron graft?
No. We've made enough
compromises today.
I'll dissect it off the wall.
leave the vein intact. Scalpel.
Uh... isn't it safer
to do a graft?
One slip and he could
bleed out in seconds.
I know.
I wrote that chapter in your
vascular surgery textbook.
Suction. Dr. Maitra.
Clamp ready in case
it goes south.
Metz.
I'm securing the vena cava now.
Dr. Maitra. get that lump
out of my hair. please.
You know what they say about me?
Hands of stone.
Hi. Hi.
What are you doing here. Mom?
- I wanted to check on Robbie.
I came as soon as I could.
Well. we both know
that's not true.
Okay. okay.
I came as soon as I could
responsibly leave.
And why is it you feel
a greater sense
of responsibility to a group of
strangers than your own family?
Robbie was fine.
he didn't need me.
No. I needed you!
You know. for once.
I actually let myself believe
that you'd be here.
I was on my way
and then we got the call.
Fighting broke out in Sake.
we were inundated...
It's always something. Mom.
And what would you have me do?
Let those people die so
I can come and hold your hand?
No. you're right.
No. you had to do what
you thought was right.
And now I have to do the same.
So... you know what?
I'm... I'm done.
What does that mean.
"You're done?"
It means I'm just... I'm done.
You know. at some point.
I only have myself to blame
for letting you disappoint me.
If you can't see I made
the only choice I could.
in that moment.
then I didn't raise
the man I thought.
You barely raised me at all.
Welcome back.
Must've been a close one.
Turns out your Addison's
was a symptom of indolent TB.
You had a lesion
on your adrenal gland.
Along with 14 others.
But we cleared the damage.
and you'll make a full recovery.
So... so. no more Addison's?
No more Addison's.
You saved my life.
I wish there were more
I could do for you.
Are you kidding?
That was a career-making
surgery you bagged me.
I'm gonna live forever
in these halls.
So. uh...
when can I get back out there?
Well. in the last 12 hours.
most of your organs have
been outside your body.
so maybe you wanna
give it a few weeks.
Hey. we go where
we're needed. right?
Hmm.
Hi. stranger.
Mom.
Unfortunately. the CAR-T
hit you harder than your cancer.
We've retested your blood
and your small cell
tumour markers
only dropped three percent.
Meaning it didn't make a dent.
Right.
Well. then. what's next?
We're back where we started.
Chemo and molecular therapy.
So. you were right.
My "yes men" almost
killed me for nothing.
We're just glad
you're still here.
I'll be dead
by the end of the year.
I'm sorry.
But there's plenty you can do
with the time you have left.
No. I won't slowly degenerate.
If you can't cure me.
I will wait.
Xander. no.
What better time
to do it than now?
I'm sorry.
what are we talking about?
There's a Swiss cryogenics
company that will freeze me
until further notice.
When there's a cure for this
in 10. 20. 30 years.
I'll be first in line.
If they find a way to reverse
the freezing process.
We can do it with embryos.
It's only a matter of time.
And I won't...
exactly be in a rush.
She knew who she married.
and I still have way too much
to do in this world.
The man needs a psych consult.
We should put him on
a 72-hour hold.
On what grounds?
He's not depressed
or pathological.
he's got a God complex.
And I flew too close to the sun.
The CEO's watching.
you got a billionaire
setting you up to be a hero.
You got carried away.
You're right.
I'm sorry.
I know you think
I don't have a leg
to stand on here.
but what happened with
Mr. Voit was unethical.
And there isn't always gonna be
someone more senior
around to push back.
You're not a rookie anymore. TJ.
Time to start acting like it.
Hey.
Oh. hey.
So...
I need to tell you
where I was yesterday.
Okay.
Rachel had a mammogram
and they found a mass.
Oh. no. Is she okay?
Yeah. yeah. she's fine now.
The biopsy results
finally came back negative.
but the past week has been kind
of tough. so I just...
I wanted to be there for her.
So that's why you left early?
- Yeah. yeah.
She was spiralling.
And that patient you were with
in radiology last week?
When you didn't want to talk?
That was her?
She asked me not to tell anyone.
Um...
But I see the look on your face.
so clearly I went
about this all wrong...
No. you were in a tough spot.
I'm just glad she's okay.
- Yeah?
- Yeah!
Yeah.
Okay.
That was pretty sneaky.
you calling Ethan.
Dare I ask how it went?
Well. uh...
we have a lot to clean up.
But...
He's here.
So. thank you.
If there's one thing
this year has taught me.
it's that family
finds a way to forgive.
Let's hope.
He certainly thinks
I have a lot to answer for.
We need to figure out
what you're gonna do. Joan.
Oh. I know what I'm gonna do.
I didn't think
it could get any worse
than being schooled
by Richard Miller.
and knowing he was right.
Try this.
I spent all of last week trying
to sideline Dr. Ridley.
and the second she asks me
to scrub in for a big operation.
I leap at the chance.
So we're hypocrites.
Or maybe we're just
doing the best we can
in a job that has
a lot of grey areas.
Maybe we are.
So? You wanna give our
date another shot?
Dinner?
That Italian place
on the corner?
Or we could just go to mine.
- For dinner?
- That. too.
Dr. Ridley would
like all of Internal Medicine
to report to the office
for an all hands.
Excuse me.
Any idea what this is about?
Uh... nope.
No idea. but... I guess
we'll both find out.
- Wow. that was fast.
Am I that scary?
Yes!
Uh. this is not a conversation
I ever wanted to have. so...
forgive me if I'm not exactly
sure where to start.
I know there's been concern
about my health.
and I truly appreciate it.
It turns out. it was warranted.
I have MDS. It's advanced.
And it's time for me
to accept that...
it's not something I can outrun.
So...
last night
will be my final surgery.
And next week will be
my last as your chief.
I've spoken to Dr. Hamda
and he has agreed to facilitate
a smooth transition.
And never fear...
you will all receive
your long-awaited
evaluations before I go.
I'd like to think. um...
that I still have some wisdom
to impart on
the next generation.
Even you. Peter.
So. um.
as my friend reminded
me today. uh...
we go where we're needed.
And right now. there are more
important places
for me to be than inside
an OR. or behind a desk.
Being a doctor
has been the privilege
of my life.
Being your chief
has meant more to me
than I expected.
Thank you.
All of you.
And I'll see you tomorrow.
Subtitling: difuze
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today